documentation for the memory layout of the md-uv380 (#11)
OpenRTX/openrtx.github.io: mduv380.md

    * VHF: 136.000-174.000
    * UHF: 400.000-480.000

## Memory Layout
The STM32F405 of the MD-UV380 has 128k SRAM, 64k CCM, and 1M FLASH.
The stock bootloader resides at the first 48k of the FLASH therefore we only
have 1M - 48k (0xC000) bytes of FLASH. The last 128k bytes in the FLASH are

> reserverd for storing the settings.

Author: changed :)

> Considering this the memory regions in the liker script looks like this:

Author: changed

```
MEMORY
{
 sram (rwx) : ORIGIN = 0x20000000, LENGTH = 128k
 flash (rx) : ORIGIN = 0x0800C000, LENGTH = 1M - 48K - 128K /* 128k for settings */
 ccm (rwx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 64K
}
```

> When the stack pointer is defined it can only reside at the origin of the SRAM
> plus the length of the SRAM -4 or lower. This is because the stock bootloader
> has an off by one error when sanity checking the stack pointer.
> This means the stack can't be placed in the highest possible address in SRAM as
> is conventional, but rather it has to be at least one word down from the top.

Reviewer: I had some difficulty understanding this paragraph - maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Usually, the stack pointer is defined to be one word past the addressable memory,
so the first `push` instruction writes to the very last memory location.

The stock bootloader performs a sanity check on the initial stack pointer, but
contains an off-by-one error: in order to boot, the initial stack pointer must
be *within* the SRAM region. Thus, the stack must be placed at least one word
down from the top.
```

Author: this sounds way better
